[Rewrite] Function Wikis - #4 (#213)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/time.md

# $time
Changes the timezone for date/time functions.

## Syntax
```
$time[Timezone]
```

### Parameters

> - `Timezone`: The timezone to change the date/time functions to. Accepts [TZ database](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones) timezones name as input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Timezone`: The timezone to use in the date/time functions. Accepts [TZ database](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones) timezone name as input.
```

> - `Timezone` : The timezone to change the date/time functions to. Accepts [TZ database](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones) timezones name as input.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Timezone`: The timezone to change the date/time functions to. Accepts [TZ database](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones) timezones name as input.
```
